
12/8/15

Read problem statement
AI sounds interesting, maybe. 
Selecting color should be easy, simple color select control. 
Simple interface (left right panes Grid XAML):
	Collapsable left pane
		2 player color selec
		new game button
		Nanes
	Right pane 
		Show the board. 6 x 7 (variable?)
		Above top row clickables (tokens maybe, alpha on hover?)
		Above that player names. Highlight to indicate turn.
		3 vertical rows assuming you can just nest these

Interface Actions:
Change Player Name
New Game button
Change Player Color
Drop Token

Things to know:
Player turn
Time
Number of moves
Possible moves

Couldn't find a simple color picker to use. Going to use a text field and 32bit hex for colors.

Basic XAML layout created (probably needs to be cleaned up). Board should be drawn programatically.

The model will be the board and logic for checking "connect 4". It'd be cool if the board could have 
some cool identification stuff like torus, mobius, klien, etc. The basic requirements of the board:

Drop a token in a slot
Reset the board for a new game

Check if player got a "connect 4"
Get the cells of the "connect 4"

So clicking hte "New Game" button and dropping a token in a slot covers the basics

Observe: We only need to check if the last dropped token made a "connect 4" as opposed to checking the whole board.
This is good. If we do AI we can do something like: 

for each col
	drop token
	if check "coonect 4"
		done
	else 
		clear last move

This would be a quick check to see if the AI is in a position to win. We could even go a couple levels deep pretty fast to
make a *decent* AI.

Game States:
	INGAME
	GAMEOVER (cool to have an AI play out a game or have a replay of the last game to play in the background)

Sleepy time. For tomorrow:
1. Workout what the interface should look like for the model
2. Identify some unit test candidates. Seems like the best option is to test the "connect 4" logic. AI if we get to that.
3. Implement a basic model and try to connect view (how about just the dropping part first and "new game")
4. Add "connect 4" stuff


12/9/15

Game states:
GAMEOVER // after a game finishes but before pre-game
PREGAME // initial state or after GAMEOVER (timer) but before user begins new game (INGAME)
INGAME // the state after the user clicks the new game button (could be during a game)

Model:
The basic code flow:
	Player n clicks a drop clickable c[i]
	 OnClick 
	  controller.drop(i, n);

	controller.Drop(int index, int player) 
	 if ret = model.Drop(index, player)
		if model.Winner(model.Top(index), index)); // don't care which player
			SetGameState("GAMEOVER"); // send message to view or just set a state variable
			SetWinner(player);
	 return ret;

	Draw()
	 viewBoard.Draw()
	 for i,j 
	  if player = model.GetCell(i,j) && player = 1 or 2
	   DrawCell(i, j, GetPlayer(player).Color)

..hmm, doesn't seem to be an obvious draw method for the window or the canvas. I guess wpf handles this, so I just 
need to keep track of the references to the tokens if I want to update them. The drop row probably since i want it to 
highlight on mouseover. 
	  
12/13/15

Going to break things and play with binding because it seems the wpf way of doing shit.